{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset1 Cambria Math;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria Math;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}{\*\mmathPr\mmathFont1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b\f0\fs28\lang9                         (Module 7) WD - CSS and CSS 3 - Full stack and Back end\par
\par
\par
1.what are the benefits of using CSS?\par
Ans-  CSS handles the look and feel part of a web page. Using CSS, you can control the color of the text, the style of fonts, the spacing between paragraphs, how columns are sized and laid out, etc.\par
The following are the advantages of CSS \f1\u8722?\f0\par
CSS saves time \f1\u8722?\f0  You can write CSS once and then reuse the same sheet in multiple HTML pages. You can define a style for each HTML element and apply it to as many Web pages as you want.\par
\par
Easy maintenance \f1\u8722?\f0  To make a global change, simply change the style, and all elements in all the web pages will be updated automatically.\par
\par
Global web standards \f1\u8722?\f0  Now HTML attributes are being deprecated and it is being recommended to use CSS. So it's a good idea to start using CSS in all the HTML pages to make them compatible with future browsers.\par
\par
Platform Independence \f1\u8722?\f0  The Script offer consistent platform independence and can support latest browsers as well.\par
\par
\par
2. what are the disadvantages of CSS?\par
Ans- Disadvantages\f2  \f0 of\f2  \f0 CSS\par
There\f2  \f0 are\f2  \f0 a\f2  \f0 few\f2  \f0 downsides\f2  \f0 while\f2  \f0 using\f2  \f0 CSS\f2 . \f0 One\f2  \f0 must\f2  \f0 know\f2  \f0 these\f2  \f0 disadvantages\f2  \f0 so\f2  \f0 that\f2  \f0 he\f2  \f0 or\f2  \f0 she\f2  \f0 is\f2  \f0 aware\f2  \f0 and\f2  \f0 takes\f2  \f0 care\f2  \f0 of\f2  \f0 them\f2  \f0 while\f2  \f0 designing\f2  \f0 a\f2  \f0 website\f2 .\f0\par
\par
1\f2 . \f0 Confusion\f2  \f0 due\f2  \f0 to\f2  \f0 many\f2  \f0 CSS\f2  \f0 levels\par
Beginners\f2  \f0 are\f2  \f0 more\f2  \f0 vulnerable\f2  \f0 to\f2  \f0 this\f2  \f0 issue\f2 . \f0 They\f2  \f0 might\f2  \f0 get\f2  \f0 confused\f2  \f0 while\f2  \f0 opting\f2  \f0 to\f2  \f0 learn\f2  \f0 CSS\f2  \f0 as\f2  \f0 there\f2  \f0 are\f2  \f0 many\f2  \f0 levels\f2  \f0 of\f2  \f0 CSS\f2  \f0 such\f2  \f0 as\f2  \f0 CSS2\f2 , \f0 CSS3\f2 , \f0 etc\f2 .\f0\par
\par
2\f2 . \f0 Cross\f2 -\f0 Browser\f2  \f0 Issues\par
Different\f2  \f0 browsers\f2  \f0 work\f2  \f0 differently\f2 . \f0 So\f2 , \f0 you\f2  \f0 have\f2  \f0 to\f2  \f0 check\f2  \f0 that\f2  \f0 changes\f2  \f0 implemented\f2  \f0 in\f2  \f0 the\f2  \f0 website\f2  \f0 via\f2  \f0 CSS\f2  \f0 codes\f2  \f0 are\f2  \f0 reflected\f2  \f0 properly\f2  \f0 among\f2  \f0 all\f2  \f0 browsers\f2 .\f0\par
\par
3\f2 . \f0 Security\f2  \f0 Issues\par
Security\f2  \f0 is\f2  \f0 important\f2  \f0 in\f2  \f0 today\rquote s\f2  \f0 world\f2  \f0 driven\f2  \f0 by\f2  \f0 technology\f2  \f0 and\f2  \f0 data\f2 . \f0 One\f2  \f0 of\f2  \f0 the\f2  \f0 major\f2  \f0 disadvantages\f2  \f0 of\f2  \f0 CSS\f2  \f0 is\f2  \f0 that\f2  \f0 it\f2  \f0 has\f2  \f0 limited\f2  \f0 security\f2 .\f0\par
\par
4\f2 . \f0 Extra\f2  \f0 Work\f2  \f0 for\f2  \f0 Developers\par
Design\f2  \f0 services\f2  \f0 are\f2  \f0 required\f2  \f0 to\f2  \f0 consider\f2  \f0 and\f2  \f0 test\f2  \f0 all\f2  \f0 CSS\f2  \f0 codes\f2  \f0 across\f2  \f0 different\f2  \f0 browsers\f2  \f0 for\f2  \f0 compatibility\f2 . \f0 Due\f2  \f0 to\f2  \f0 developers\f2  \f0 testing\f2  \f0 compatibility\f2  \f0 for\f2  \f0 different\f2  \f0 browsers\f2 , \f0 their\f2  \f0 workload\f2  \f0 increases\f2 .\f0\par
\par
Overall\f2 , \f0 we\f2  \f0 can\f2  \f0 say\f2  \f0 that\f2  \f0 if\f2  \f0 you\f2  \f0 are\f2  \f0 passionate\f2  \f0 about\f2  \f0 web\f2  \f0 development\f2 , \f0 try\f2  \f0 to\f2  \f0 learn\f2  \f0 HTML\f2  \f0 and\f2  \f0 CSS\f2 . \f0 For\f2  \f0 device\f2  \f0 compatibility\f2 , \f0 learn\f2  \f0 the\f2  \f0 Bootstrap\f2  \f0 framework\f2  \f0 as\f2  \f0 well\f2 . \f0 Though\f2  \f0 you\f2  \f0 might\f2  \f0 see\f2  \f0 some\f2  \f0 disadvantages\f2  \f0 of\f2  \f0 CSS\f2 , \f0 many\f2  \f0 advantages\f2  \f0 counter\f2  \f0 them\f2  \f0 and\f2  \f0 ensure\f2  \f0 that\f2  \f0 your\f2  \f0 web\f2  \f0 development\f2  \f0 process\f2  \f0 is\f2  \f0 smooth\f2  \f0 and\f2  \f0 efficient\f2 .\par
\par
3. what is the difference between CSS2 ans CSS3?\par
\par
Ans- In CSS2, everything is present in a single document while CSS3 is categorized into multiple sections called modules.\par
Graphics-related features such as Box-shadow or Border-radius, flexbox, etc. can be found which are absent in case of CSS2.\par
Properties such as background-position, background-image, and background-repeat styles can be helpful for using multiple background images in a single webpage.\par
CSS3 versions support many new browsers.\par
CSS3 introduces many new selectors in the form of pseudo-elements and pseudo-classes.\par
 \par
4. Name a few CSS style components\par
\par
Ans- The components of css style are:\par
\par
(1)Selector: class name, id name or element name that is target\par
(2)Attribute: name of the attribute you want to style for example border, color,background, position etc.\par
(3)Value of Property: value that will be assigned to attribute.\par
\par
5. What do you understand by CSS opacity?\par
Ans- The technical definition of opacity is the degree to which light is allowed to pass through an object. CSS opacity is the property used to describe the transparency of an element. In other words, it explains how clear the image is.\par
\par
6. How can the backgrund color of an element be changed?\f0\par
\lang9 Ans- The background color of an image can be changed using the background-color property.\par
body\par
\{\par
background-color: coral;\par
\}\par
\par
7. How can image repetition of the backup br controlled?\par
Ans- Background-repetition property controls the repetition of images in the background. Use no-repeat if the image is to be displayed once in the background.\par
<html>\par
<head>\par
<style>\par
body \{\par
background-image: url("/css/images/css.jpg");\par
background-repeat: repeat;\par
\}\par
</style>\par
</head>\par
<body>\par
<p>CSS Background Image: Hackr.io</p>\par
</body>\par
</html>\par
\par
8.  What is the use of the background-position property?\par
\par
Ans- It can be used to define the initial position of a background image. The default position is the top left of the page. The positions that can be set include top, bottom, left, right, and center.\par
<html>\par
<head>\par
<style>\par
body \{\par
background-image: url('hackr.gif');\par
background-repeat: no-repeat;\par
background-attachment: fixed;\par
background-position: center;\par
\}\par
<p>CSS Background Position: Hackr.io</p>\par
</body>\par
</html>\par
\par
9. Which property controls the image scroll in the background?\par
Ans-  The image scroll in the background is controlled by the\par
"background-attachment'' property.\par
\par
10.  Why should background and color be used as separate properties?\par
Ans- This is done with mainly two purposes:\par
\par
(1) It makes the style sheets more legible. Background property, which is complex in itself, becomes all the more complex with color.\par
(2) Color is an in-built property while the background is not one. And this can lead to a lot of confusion.\par
\par
11.  How do you center block elements using CSS1?\par
Ans- In order to center the block-level elements, we need to set the margin-right and margin-left properties to explicit values.\par
\par
12.  How to maintain the CSS specification?\par
Ans-  The CSS specifications are maintained by the WORLD WIDE WEB Consortium\par
- we can maintain the CSS specifications by using correct and needed property in our programming. \par
\par
13. What are the ways to integrate CSS as a web page?\par
There are three methods to integrate CSS in the form of a web page:\par
\par
Embedded: There can be a style element inside the head element inside which we can place the code.\par
Inline: CSS can be applied directly to HTML elements using attributes.\par
Imported or Linked: In the case of linked or imported CSS, the CSS is placed in an external file and a link element is used to link it.\par
\par
14. What are embedded style sheets?\par
These are the sheets where style sets for the entire HTML document are defined in a single place. For doing this, the style sheet information under the style tags should be embedded into an HTML document.\par
\par
15. What are the external style sheets?\par
External style sheets are sheets used externally which can be linked to the HTML pages.\par
\par
16. What are the advantages and disadvantages of using external style sheets?\par
Advantages:\par
\par
There can be many documents for multiple HTML elements, along with many classes.\par
Multiple documents with various styles can be controlled using different styles.\par
Selector and grouping methods can be used for grouping styles in composite situations.\par
Disadvantages:\par
\par
For rendering the document, external style sheets have to be loaded.\par
It is not suitable for small style definitions.\par
For importing documents with style information, an additional download is required\par
\par
17. what is the meaning of the CSS selector?\par
Ans-  css selector are used "find" the HTML elements you want to style.\par
-simple selectors \par
-combinator selectors \par
-pseudo-class selectors\par
-pseudo-elements selectors\par
-Attribute selector\par
\par
18.  what are the media types of allowed by CSS?\par
Ans- CSS allows diffrent media types, including speech, audio, visual and tactile media, paged or continuous media, bitmap or grid media, and even interactive media.\par
\par
19. what is the ruleset?\par
Ans- Ruleset can be use to indentifiy selectors attached to one another. and  it consists of two different parts (1). selector (2). Declaration.\par
\par
20. Create layouts.\par
Ans- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/MASUMJOSHI/layout.git }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/MASUMJOSHI/layout.git\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs28\par
\par
}
 